I outlined the project we'll build.
Now what specifically is inciters course.
Well obviously the full project a fitness tracker.
But we'll get there step by step.
The first step is an angular refresher I offer there and dismantle I'll make sure that we're all on
the same page and that at least the very basics of angular are refreshed.
Again this does not replace an entire angle of course but if it's been some time since you last worked
with angler this should get you back on track.
You can absolutely skip this module if you already know angular.
Thereafter we'll have our first real content module.
The angular material module I'll dive into Anglo material.
Explain what it is and how we use it.
Dive into the official docs and this is actually not just one course module.
I have multiple marshals on angular material starting with the basics.
Diving deeper and using more advanced components and also a module where we create our own material
theme.
So a lot of angular material content in this course after this module will have a look at the angle
of fire too which is a third party package that makes connecting to firebase a breeze and establishes
real time connections to that data base there.
I'll also dive into firebase there to explain what that is.
And after dis Marchal our replication will not only look good but also work with a lot of data which
live updates even across multiple users.
Oh we'll also add authentication that I mentioned that yes we will there after We'll have a look at
energy x energy or existe the advanced state management system of angular.
Now in this module I'll show an example implementation how you could use ngi are X in a real project
and how we can take our knon and G.R. X project to ensure X Project how to turn the project which already
works for that module into a project that still works but now uses NCR X. And once we're done with that.
Of course also to Lloyd the application will deploy to a steady host.
I'll show you how this works and will then see our application run on a real server.
I'm really excited to get started with you and we get a broad range of topics in this course very different
topics from styling based topics which are about Angle material over data all the way to state management.
But I guess there's a lot of cool things to learn for you.